Kwoc guidelines (#92)
kossiitkgp/docs: events/KWoC/student-manual.md

KWoC is a place where you get to use your current skill set on existing projects. Working
in collaboration with other people on an open-source project is probably something new to you.

**Acquiring new skill sets**

While you'll be adding your piece of code to the existing software, you will get to learn
its structure and more about the process of creating it from scratch. This will help you in creating your own software in the future.

**Building your network**

While being a part of KWoC, you will have healthy conversations with many helpful and talented mentors, This will help you build your network 
in your early days. You can then approach them any time after the program ends. They remain with you, in 
your connections.

**Sense of Achievement**

It feels really great to have your first patch submitted. It feels like an achievement when your contribution goes online and
is ready to be helpful to other folks throughout the world.

**For the love of code and open-source**

If you love to code and it relates even distrinctly to your passion, then you will find an opportunity to express that love by being
a part of Kharagpur Winter of Code.

> ## Am I Good Enough?

Reviewer: We should mention somewhere here that this is open for all students and not just KGPians.

**Joining Github**

Go to [https://github.com](https://github.com) and sign up. Choose a cool username (commonly referred to as 
Github handle) for yourself, and voila! You're ready to dive into the world of open-source!

**Registration on KWoC website**

Go to the website of KWoC - [https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org](https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org) and find the "Student Registration"
button. Login with Github and fill in your name, email address, and institute. Hoorah! You're in.

## What to do Next?

**Choosing a Project**

First of all, choose the project(s) that you would like to work on in KWoC. You are free to 
contribute to as amny projects as you like. Navigate over to [https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org/projects](https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org/projects)
 and hunt down projects by their description. All of the projects must be on Github. Learn how to get acquainted with Github's interface with the 
help of various online resources, some of which are as follows: 
- https://github.com/kossiitkgp/Git-and-Github-2021
- https://gitimmersion.com/index.html
- https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/
- https://opensource.guide/
- https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-git

**Making Contact**

> The contact details of each mentor will be available to you on the projects list. Feel free to 

Reviewer: Instead of mentor contact details, we should encourage the students to join and get involved on the public communication channel.

Author: i think that's what was meant by, but yeah, i'll rephrase it

contact the mentors to learn more about their projects. 

**Software Development**

> Develope the project codebase, writeup test suites, add third-party integrations, and lots of other cool stuff depending on your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develop the project codebase, write test suites, add third-party integrations, and lots of other cool stuff depending on your project.
```

After cooking up the perfect recipe, use Git to keep track of the changes and create your Pull Requests. Fix as many issues as you can and add 

> as many new features as possible to the project. Communicate with your mentor about furher requirements and/or improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as many new features as possible to the project. Communicate with your mentor about further requirements and/or improvements.
```

**Asking Questions**

More often than not, mentors find it difficult to answer vague questions and tend to ignore them, considering the student is not very interested (
even if you are!). We have two great articles for you. Do give them a read: 
- Stack overflow's [How do I ask good questions?](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask)
- Eric S. Raymond's [How to ask questions the smart way?](http://www.catb.org/esr/faqs/smart-questions.html)

## Wrapping Up

**Mid Evals**

By the mid-evaluation deadline, you should have at least 1 pull request in the project(s) you are working
on. In other words, it means you have made at least 1 meaningful contribution to the project.

**Stats Board**

The leaderboard, which displays all the activities by registered students in KWoC, will be live at [https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org/stats/student](https://kwoc.kossiitkgp.org/stats/student).
It represents the activity board of every student registered in KWoC. KWoC isn't a competition, so the leaderboard is shuffled and you can't sort it yourself.

**End Evals**

By the end-evaluation deadline, you should have at least 2 pull requests in the project(s) you are working on.

**Report Submission**

> At the end of the KWoC program, you will have to create a report. Failing to do so will result in unsuccessful participation. The report can 

Reviewer: We should mention the following here:
- Report format  - should we make it public-blog only? Or should we allow PDFs/Markdown documents?
- That the report will be submitted as a single link on the website
- Add a few more points to the required contents - like brief description of the project and the problem statement the student worked on (this will make reviewing easier, and would add some context for a reader if the blog is public)

Author: i think we should enforce public links, could be a blog, could be a repo with just a markdown doc, at worst maybe a repo with just a pdf. but not stuff like drive links or word docs

Author: should i recommend creating a medium account for the blog? if they don't have their own blog site

Reviewer: Yeah sure. We could also link a guide for hosting own blogs (using Jekyll on GH pages or something).
